Pvr/agent logs collection default http (#7136)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/_index.md

Collecting logs is **disabled** by default in the Datadog Agent.

To enable log collection, update the Agent's [main configuration file][10] (`datadog.yaml`) with:

```yaml
logs_enabled: true
```

Starting with Agent v6.19+/v7.19+, HTTPS transport is the default transport used.
For more details on how enforce HTTPS/TCP transport, refer to the [Agent transport documentation][11].

> To enable logs log collection with environment variables, configure the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send logs with environment variables, configure the following:

* `DD_LOGS_ENABLED`
* `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_HTTP`
* `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_COMPRESSION`
```
